[Wf-Diagnostics] add troubleshooting guide for activity and workflow retries (#201)
cadence-workflow/Cadence-Docs: src/docs/08-workflow-troubleshooting/01-timeouts.md

[Link to options in go client](https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/cadence@v1.2.9/internal#WorkerOptions)
[Link to options in java client](https://github.com/uber/cadence-java-client/blob/master/src/main/java/com/uber/cadence/internal/worker/PollerOptions.java#L124)

## No heartbeat timeout or retry policy configured

Activities time out StartToClose or ScheduleToClose if the activity took longer than the configured timeout.

[Link to description of timeouts](https://cadenceworkflow.io/docs/concepts/activities/#timeouts)

> For long running activities, while the activity is executing, the worker can die due to regular deployments or host restarts or failures. Cadence doesn't know about this and will wait for  StartToClose or ScheduleToClose timeouts to kick in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For long running activities, while the activity is executing, the worker can die due to regular deployments or host restarts or failures. Cadence doesn't know about this and will wait for StartToClose or ScheduleToClose timeouts to kick in.
```
Just an extra space that can be removed

Mitigation: Consider configuring heartbeat timeout and a retry policy

[Example](https://github.com/uber-common/cadence-samples/blob/df6f7bdba978d6565ad78e9f86d9cd31dfac9f78/cmd/samples/expense/workflow.go#L23)
[Check retry policy for activity](https://cadenceworkflow.io/docs/concepts/activities/#retries)

For short running activities, heart beating is not required but maybe consider increasing the timeout value to suit the actual activity execution time.

## Retry policy configured without setting heartbeat timeout

> Retry policies are configured so activities can be retried after timeouts or failures. For long-running activities, the worker can die while the activity is executing, e.g. due to regular deployments or host restarts or failures. Cadence doesn't know about this and will wait for  StartToClose or ScheduleToClose timeouts to kick in. The retry is attempted only after this timeout. Configuring heartbeat timeout would cause the activity to timeout earlier so it can be retried on another worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retry policies are configured so activities can be retried after timeouts or failures. For long-running activities, the worker can die while the activity is executing, e.g. due to regular deployments or host restarts or failures. Cadence doesn't know about this and will wait for StartToClose or ScheduleToClose timeouts to kick in. The retry is attempted only after this timeout. Configuring heartbeat timeout would cause the activity to timeout earlier so it can be retried on another worker.
```
The same extra space

> Retry policies are good to be configured so that activities can be retried after timeouts or failures. For long running activities, while the activity is executing, the worker can die due to regular deployments or host restarts or failures. Cadence doesn't know about this and will wait for  StartToClose or ScheduleToClose timeouts to kick in. The retry is attempted only after this timeout. Configuring heartbeat timeout would cause the activity to timeout earlier and will be retried on another worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retry policies are configured so activities can be retried after timeouts or failures. For long-running activities, the worker can die while the activity is executing, e.g. due to regular deployments or host restarts or failures. Cadence doesn't know about this and will wait for  StartToClose or ScheduleToClose timeouts to kick in. The retry is attempted only after this timeout. Configuring heartbeat timeout would cause the activity to timeout earlier so it can be retried on another worker.
```
I'm not sure, but do we retry after scheduleToCloseTimeout? I think that includes the retries?

Mitigation: Consider configuring heartbeat timeout

[Example](https://github.com/uber-common/cadence-samples/blob/df6f7bdba978d6565ad78e9f86d9cd31dfac9f78/cmd/samples/expense/workflow.go#L23)

## Heartbeat timeout configured without a retry policy

> Heartbeat timeouts are used to detect when a worker died or restarted during deployments. With heartbeat timeout configured, the activity will timeout faster. But without a retry policy, it will not be scheduled again on a healthy worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Heartbeat timeouts are used to detect when a worker died or restarted. With heartbeat timeout configured, the activity will timeout faster. But without a retry policy, it will not be scheduled again on a healthy worker.
```

Mitigation: Consider adding retry policy to an activity

[Check retry policy for activity](https://cadenceworkflow.io/docs/concepts/activities/#retries)

> ## Heartbeat timeout seen after configuring heartbeat timeout

Reviewer 2: Maybe good to mention that Heartbeat timeouts are "good" since they let cadence know the activity run failed?

Author: updated
